{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;\f1\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 NAMING\
\
The evaluation scripts rely heavily on REGEX, so it is important that you either 1) edit the script to match your naming scheme 2) we recommend you use the following naming scheme:\
\
NAMING ORIGINAL DATA SETS\
\
[name for group of data sets] [identifying attribute of particular data set] fmri [rest don\'92t matter]\
	\
Examples:\
wk2fiftyfmriCS100S50N3000.csv\
[wk2] [fifty] fmri [CS100S50N3000].csv\
wk2CTRLfmri_Sub105.csv\
[wk2] [CTRL] fmri [_Sub105].csv\
\
The fmri is important. From our script, \
\
	key <- gsub("fmri.*\\\\.csv$", "", goldFile)\
\
we take the file name and remove everything from fmri onwards, inclusive, as the pattern. Thus, \'93fmri\'94 must be present, and everything before that will be become the key when R looks for corresponding discretized data sets:\
\
NAMING DISCRETIZED DATA SETS\
\
[name for group of data sets] [identifying attribute of particular data set] _ [discretization method name]\
\
Here, the _ is important. From our script,\
\
	pattern <- paste(key, "_", sep="")\
\
The _ ensures that the original data set is not grouped with the discretized data sets. (Recall that after the first two [] [], data must be followed by \'93fmri\'94, instead of _).\
\
============================================================\
\
DETAILS\
\
In our first run (wk2\'85), we \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Used scope = rows (representing nodes/brain regions). This applied to mean, median, Max-X%Max, Top %X, Equal Frequency, Equal Width, and Kmeans clustering.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \'a5	
\f0 Used alpha = 1 for Erdal\'92s\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \'a5	
\f0 No parameters to fiddle: FI, BiKmeans, Gallo, TSD\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ============================================================\
\
DISCRETIZING PATIENT DATA\
\
Conflicts: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Brain regions had labels, but on first row rather than first column\
{\listtext	\'95	}Data stored in .txt files rather than .csv\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Solution:\
\
	
\f2\fs22 \CocoaLigature0 for f in *.txt; do cat $f | tr '\\t' ','  > "$\{f%.txt\}.csv"; done\
\
	for f in *.txt; do rm $f; done\
\
	for f in *.csv; do mv "$f" "$\{f%.csv\}fmri.csv"; done\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li713\fi-714\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	for f in *.csv; do cp "$f" "$\{f%fmri.csv\}_bikmeans.csv"; cp "$f" "$\{f%fmri.csv\}_equalfrequency.csv"; cp "$f" "$\{f%fmri.csv\}_equalwidth.csv"; cp "$f" "$\{f%fmri.csv\}_erdals_1.csv\'94; cp "$f" "$\{f%fmri.csv\}_gallo.csv"; cp "$f" "$\{f%fmri.csv\}_kmeans.csv"; cp "$f" "$\{f%fmri.csv\}_maxxmax_50.csv"; cp "$f" "$\{f%fmri.csv\}_mean.csv"; cp "$f" "$\{f%fmri.csv\}_median.csv"; cp "$f" "$\{f%fmri.csv\}_topx_50.csv"; cp "$f" "$\{f%fmri.csv\}_tsd.csv"; done\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 The first line takes every .txt file, replaces every tab inside with a comma, and saves a new file that ends in .csv (while taking out the .txt so that we don\'92t end up with .txt.csv).\
\
The second line will delete all .txt files in the directory.\
\
The third line will append \'93fmri\'94 to the file name, before the \'93.csv\'94. This is to keep consistency with the naming scheme above.\
\
The last massive command will create 11 copies for each data set with names corresponding to the 11 discretization methods we will run. This is necessary because GED PRO TOOLS doesn\'92t allow you to \'93Save As\'94, but requires you to have a file ready to save into. The content of these 11 placeholders do not matter, so we just copied the data in. GED PRO TOOLS will overwrite as you run it. \
	\
}